Instructor: So that's Firefox covered.
Let's go ahead and take a look at Chrome.
Now again, for HTTP, as we mentioned,
everything works as expected,
it's a very simple scenario.
For HTTPS, you still wanna use the same configuration
as Firefox.
So we're gonna use the custom Kali,
which comes with the latest Bettercap
and a custom HSTShijack caplet.
Everything will work as expected in this case.
The only thing is you need to make sure
that you input the target website in the HSTShijack caplet.
So similar to what we did with HSTS websites,
you're actually gonna have to include all
of the HTTPS websites that you want to target
and you want to downgrade to HTTP
in your HSTShijack caplet.
So it's a bit of a limitation,
but that's the only way we can do it
with the latest version of Chrome.
For example, we have Netflix.
So, as we know, Netflix worked perfectly fine in here.
So let me just go quickly on Firefox, netflix.com,
and as you can see, it's logged in perfectly fine.
Now, if I load that now on Chrome
with the exact same configuration of Bettercap,
as you know, it's already running,
it's gonna load over HTTPS and not HTTP.
The only way around this is to actually go back
to my Kali machine, open up my file manager,
and open up the HSTShijack caplet,
so you can do CTRL L to do that,
or you could press in here and press a /, and it's stored
in USR/local/share/bettercap/caplets/hstshijack.
And the caplet that we wanna modify is HSTShijack.cap,
so it's this caplet right here.
We're gonna right click it
and open it with another application, view all,
and open it with my Leafpad with the text editor.
So I showed you how to do all
of this in the HSTS bypass lecture,
that's why I'm doing it fast.
Please revise if you don't remember.
And what you need to do is simply in here input
the HTTPS websites that you want to downgrade to HTTP.
So in this example, we want to downgrade netflix.com.
So we're gonna input it in here
and I'm gonna select it again,
and I'm actually gonna put it in the next row
and the replacements as well.
And finally, we're gonna put it in the DNS spoof.
We're gonna save, quit,
and we're gonna go up and run Bettercap again.
So I'm gonna exit, clear the screen,
run Bettercap with the spoof caplet,
and then run the HSTShijack caplet.
And let's go ahead and test this with Chrome.
So before testing, it's always a good idea
to remove all browsing data.
So control, shift, delete, make sure all time is selected,
and make sure you tick all of the boxes.
We're gonna clear.
And let's go ahead and go to netflix.com,
hit enter.
And perfect, as you can see,
Netflix is loading over normal HTTP now.
So again, if you're inputting any username
and passwords in here, you'll be able to capture them
and you'll be able to modify this website
and the requests on the fly,
because everything is sent over HTTP,
which does not use any encryption.
And we will cover that later on in the course.
So the main idea is all you have to do is simply add
the websites that you want to downgrade to HTTP
in your HSTShijack caplet.
So that's HTTPS for Chrome done.
Let's go ahead and take a look
at preloaded HSTS websites on Chrome.
This will work exactly the same as Firefox,
so you're gonna need to use the custom Kali
with the Bettercap with the custom HSTShijack caplet.
And similar to what we did with Firefox,
the targets will have to be in the HSTShijack caplet.
So we're not doing anything out of the ordinary.
The only thing is secure DNS needs to be disabled.
So secure DNS is a setting that Chrome has,
and if it is enabled, the web browser is going
to use encryption when it's making DNS requests,
and therefore it'll render our attack right here
with the custom HSTShijack caplet useless.
Now the good thing is secure DNS
is not always enabled by default,
it depends on the country of the target.
For example, in Ireland,
if you download the latest Chrome web browser,
it's actually gonna come with secure DNS enabled,
and therefore the attack is not gonna work
unless it is disabled.
So if your target is in a country
where secure DNS is not enabled by default,
chances are they don't even know about this option
and it's probably gonna be disabled,
and therefore the attack will work.
So let me show you where this setting is.
In my Chrome, if we go to settings,
and we can use the search icon
in here to search for that setting.
And we wanna search for secure DNS.
And as you can see,
it's telling us it's in the security settings.
And if we scroll down,
you will notice that use secure DNS is enabled.
So if I just turn this off and close this window,
and let's go ahead and test the attack exactly
the same way that we tested it before.
So we're gonna go to a local Google domain,
for example, google.ie,
as you can see, it's loading as normal HTTP not HTTPS.
Therefore, the HSTShijack caplet is gonna be able
to modify this page, play with it,
and change the links to .corn.
And let's look for Twitter.
And again, if we hover here over the link,
you'll notice at the bottom, it's twitter.com now,
but literally within a second it's gonna go back
to being twitter.corn.
Let's open it in a new tab,
and perfect, as you can see,
Twitter is loading over normal HTTP.
And again, now if the user logs in,
we will capture everything,
or because the website is loading over normal HTTP,
we're gonna be able to inject anything that we want
and modify the website and inject evil code in it.
And I'm gonna show you how to do all of that later on.